Mr. Yan
What are you going to do to my new employee?
Ye Nuo, how could this be misunderstood?
It's all a misunderstanding
Mr. Jin is free of charge.
Tell me what happened for free
The deputy supervisor said today is Yinxin Rice
But want me to pay
I don't have any money.
You have to take my clothes to offset the bill.
Yan's Group's Welcome Rice
When do new employees need to pay?
No, Mr. Yan
Yan's Group regulations
The welcome meal will be reimbursed by the department head.
Limit 10,000 yuan per meal
As a department head
Since you don't know the rules of the company so well
Then don't fight
No, Mr. Yan
employer management
The welcome meal will be reimbursed 10,000 yuan by the company
Please subsidize the rest yourself.
From tomorrow.
You are no longer the department head
Gu Qingxin, this bitch
Only worthy of that poor and ugly migrant worker
Phoenix among dragons like Mr. Yan
Only I deserve it
You are drunk, I will take you home, not drunk
You see, you can't even walk steadily, and you say you're not guilty
I can so that.
Go to Mr. Li Yan
What is this?
I have a husband
I'll take you home.
No.
No, hurry in